Clarify mutexes should not be embedded (#137)
uber-go/guide: style.md

Embedding should provide tangible benefit, like adding or augmenting
functionality in a semantically-appropriate way. It should do this with zero
adverse user-facing effects (see also: [Avoid Embedding Types in Public Structs]).

> Generally, mutexes should not be embedded.

Author: I'm also okay with removing this line - reading the description provides the same information.

However, given the prevalence of embedded mutexes, I thought it might be worth calling it out explicitly.

Reviewer: We previously called out mutexes above, so moving it here instead is fine - we can always remove it later if we decide it's not adding any value.

> Generally, mutexes should not be embedded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, mutexes should not be embedded unless they are an integral part of the embedding type's API.
```

> Generally, mutexes should not be embedded unless they are an integral part of the embedding type's API.

Reviewer 2: They almost never are.
Let's change this to:

```suggestion
Exception: Mutexes should not be embedded even on unexported types. See also [Zero-value Mutexes are Valid](#zero-value-mutexes-are-valid).
```
